Update SDK setup instructions and add link to RIF Relay starter kit (#78)
rsksmart/rif-relay-sample-dapp: README.md

# RIF Relaying Services SDK sample dApp

> This is a sample dApp to showcase how users can submit relayed transactions to the RSK blockchain using the RIF Relay Sample dApp SDK. You will need to connect to the dApp with MetaMask but only for signing transactions with the account that owns the Smart Wallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a sample dApp that displays how users can submit relayed transactions to the Rootstock blockchain using the RIF Relay Sample dApp SDK. You will need to connect to the dApp with MetaMask but only for signing transactions with the account that owns the Smart Wallets.
```
